I intend for the story to be more an adventure that horror even though there are dark elements and some zombie-ish elements.

A deadly plague is afflicting many worlds of the multiverse. It is probably of artificial origin. Outsiders (Intelligent non-humans) are providing cures to primitive worlds saving 10%-15% of the population. No cure is provided to advanced civilisations.

POV Character Vlaho / Fortitude ( written in 2nd person present tense )
Cross-time Agent Vlaho Nanda is trying to obtain the cure for his multi-world culture. Unable to physically transfer the cure between worlds, he will either try to analyse the cure using primitive equipment or try to capture an Outsider and obtain the secret from them.

Fortitude Baker is trying to protect his extended family and keep his bakery open in the middle of his society collapsing because of the plague.

Vlaho possesses Fortitude and their personalities and goals merge. They discover that the cure on this world are special people with a irresistible smell called poseys and that Fortitude is a posey. You would think that would make things easy to find a cure, but the primitive technology of this world and the breakdown of law and order does not make this easy. Also the Outsiders on this world enjoy human suffering and are dragging out the whittling down of the population to their desired number. 

POV Character Reliance Baker  ( written in 1st person past tense as told to Fortitude )

Reliance Baker wants freedom, but everybody wants to tell her what to do. She and her friends end up venturing out into the now lawless city in search of what her brother Fortitude needs, but there are other scavengers looting the city and some of them see  Reliance and her friends as salvage. Some will be captured, and maybe rescued and some will be wounded. 

There is the danger of posey addiction. Some addicts are drinking blood and eating flesh as it will cure anything and give them great strength, and more than a little madness. Since the unscented can smell poseys, protecting the three poseys the group has, from capture or death will be difficult, and if they fail they will be forced to join another group that still has poseys or die from the plague. 

POV Character Vlaho / Fortitude ( written in 2nd person present tense )
If Fortitude fails to figure out the cure Vlaho can try again on the next world, but if the bakery is overrun by outside forces Fortitude will lose everything.





 