Prologue: Once upon a couch.

You struggle back to consciousness. You are lying on something soft and comfortable. A couch? 

You open your eyes a crack, then try to block the dazzling light coming from the window to the right with your hand, but you can’t move it. Claustrophobia overwhelms you as you realize you are tied down. You start to struggle.

A silhouette blocks the light and someone unbuckles the straps holding you down. “Sorry! Vlaho. I brought you out. Your session overran. I thought you might have forgotten who you are.”

Vlaho, she called you Vlaho. That wasn’t the name you had thought of as yours for the last couple of decades. Slowly you remembered being Vlaho. “Blanka?” you ask.

She removes your headset and helps you sit up. “Everything is fine. Just allow yourself to adjust.”

You recognize the room as your study. You are sitting on your travelling couch. The desk, the books, the other furnishings are all familiar, if slightly ostentatious and old fashioned by the standards of the shadow world you have immersed yourself in for so many years. Years there, but only minutes here on Prime. For Blanka it had been - what half an hour?

You examine your cousin Blanka with new eyes. With her narrow pinched face, her hair piled in a bun and her long flowing dress she seems prim and stodgy. However for a Prime woman of her class and status her attire is elegant and appropriate. You are going have to relearn to think in terms of your birth world, Prime, instead of using the values of a shadow world that you will never return to. On second thought, soon there will be a new shadow world you will have to adjust to, so perhaps you should not bother.

“The shadow world was in the early Information Age.” you report.

“You don’t need to do this now,” she cautions.

“Best to get it over with,” you retort. “The shadow world was backward, but with three or four decades’ worth of artificial stimulation of their technological base they might become a decent trading partner.”

“There are many better candidates for outsourcing R&D, but I’ll note it away.”

“There was no sign of plague or Outsiders.“ you continue.

Blanka frowns, she is clearly annoyed that you wasted so much time on such an obvious dead end. “What about the world crisis that we detected?”

“It didn’t have anything to with what we are interested in,” you say. “Any news on your front?”

“Still no sightings of Outsiders, or a cure on Prime. However in the shadow worlds, one new Outsider species and three new cures have been found.” Blanka tosses you an engram.

An image of a small humanoid figure with an outsized head and enormous nose unfolds in your mind. “They are calling it a Kobold,” she informs you.

Before before the travellers started searching the shadow worlds for the cure to the plague, non-human sentients were unconfirmed rumours or myths. Now they seamed to be almost everywhere the plague is. The existence of such mythical creatures such as the Outsider species were pointed to by some as proof that the shadow worlds were not real, just intersecting sets of probability waves collapsed by virtual observers, distorted reflections and echoes of the real world. The shadow worlds certainly feel real when you are ‘dreaming’ them and the conscious observers you linked to in order to experience those worlds feel like real people. Many fellow travellers that you have talked to harbour suspicions that shadow worlds are every bit as real as Prime, though they will not discuss those suspicions with non-travellers.

How has it come to this? Your quest is such a desperate gamble. However Prime’s much vaunted medical technology can only slow the spread of the plague, not stop it. The shadow world research & development teams are also helpless despite the time differential that makes them hundred times more effective than teams based on Prime. The treatments pioneered by these teams only work for a short time before the plague changes and adapts and making treatments ineffective. The Outsider provided cures do not have this problem, but those cures have different issues. So many Outsider provided cures to the plague had been found. Yet they are all useless as far as saving Prime is concerned. Only information can pass between Prime and the shadow worlds, not the cures themselves and so far they have not been able to duplicate any of the cures they had found here in the Prime world.

You feel exhausted and faint.

“Why don’t we get you some tea?” Blanka signals to someone behind you.

You close your eyes, just for second. No harm in that…

——— 

A spicy flowery steam tickles your nose.

A servant in immaculate House Nanda livery is holding a hot cup of Fire Bloom tea in front of you. You stare into its dark maroon depths briefly, sip the stimulant and sigh as a warm glow spreads out from your stomach. “The perfect temperature. Thank you,” you say.

“We’ll break for afternoon tea,” announces Blanka. “Ivo, ask Cook if there are any tea cakes left.”

“No. We have no time. Thousands die each minute we delay,” you insist.

“There are seventeen other teams working on this. That will increase to twenty four other traveling teams by tomorrow. Stop acting as if the entire fate of the world depends solely on you.”


“I wouldn’t have thought there were twenty five experienced travelers in the entire Prime world,” you say.

“They are using trainees and students. And don’t try to change the subject. You *are* going to rest.”


Your fingers tighten on the tea cup, your heartbeat thunders in your ears. Students! Trainees! You breathe deeply in order to calm down. The College was desperate, the Senate was desperate, everyone was desperate, but students and trainees? May the Blacksmith save us!

“I am fine,” you insist.

“You are tired and can’t afford another mistake. Next time you lose focus, you might not make it back. I don’t want to end up trying to convince some shadow world yokel that they are really a traveler named Vlaho Nanda. What happens if you lose yourself? What happens then?”

“Then you will have to climb onto the couch yourself, but that’s not going to happen. I am good at what I do. I will always come back. You don’t have to worry,” you say, not allowing yourself to feel the slightest doubt.

You study your cousin. There is something about the way she is holding herself, her stillness.

The directness, the impatience so characteristic of the shadow world you have just returned from leaks though. “There is something more. Just cut the bullshit and tell me,” you demand.

Blanka winces at your crudeness, but she is used to how erratic you can be after traveling. 

“They are going to use spotters to crew the next batch of couches.”

“So …,” you hesitate.

“Yes, me. I will be traveling too. Don’t worry I’ve been training Ivo, he will spot for you. I won’t be leaving you alone.”

“I wasn’t - ,” you protest.

“Of course you were. You would be insane if you didn’t.”

“The next batch won’t be until a week or so.” you mutter.

“Four or five days,” she corrects you.

What kind of short cuts did they have to take in order to assemble a traveler’s couch in four or five days? What kind of fool would trust a couch put together with such haste? 

Your cousin, that’s who. Your stomach clenches and there is a bitter acid taste at the back of your mouth. You need to bring back the cure, quickly. 

As if you needed another reason.

You pinch the bridge of your nose and close your eyes. Your hand holding the tea cup starts to shake and you quickly return to a two handed grip.

The servant presents you with a tray of tea cakes. You pick one with yellow icing, it has Zuko fruit on the top. You rest the tea cup hand on the top of your thigh. The Zuko fruit has a sour taste like Lemon. No, you need to stop thinking like a shadow worlder. The Zuko fruit tastes exactly like Zuko fruit.

The servant offers you a refill of tea from the pot. The tea is not as hot as it should be, but it is still good. Ivo, Blanka called him Ivo. You better get used to calling him that.

“A lot of things can happen in a week,” you say.

“Four or five days,” she repeats, taking a bite out of a Prush berry cake.

You take a breath and release it slowly. Why did Blanka have to be so pedantic? You take another sip of Fire Bloom tea, so different from the teas of the last shadow world. The rich spicy flavor helps you connect to who you used to be. Who you still are. Shadow traveler of Prime, Knight of Hrvata, and Vetted Rhymesman of the House Nanda.

“A lot of things can happen in four or five days,” you concede. “Tell me, about the next shadow world,” you insist.

“Vlaho!” she protests. She stares at her cake and toys with it.

“Just tell me,” you say flatly.

“On your own head be it,” she says with a snort.

“Well?” you prompt.

“It’s a virgin world, never been traveled to before. It is experiencing a crisis that is within the expected range for an outbreak of the plague. The insertion point will be within a few weeks of the start of the crisis. The anchor point will be maintaining a relative time rate difference of 13 months there to 1 minute here. Your target host has a mental compatibility of 87%.” Blanka eyes narrowed. “Before you ask, no, we couldn’t get anyone who was a closer match.”

“I wasn’t - “ you find yourself protesting again.

“Sure you weren’t.”

You finish your cake and your tea; then lie down on the couch.

“Well?” you ask.

“You don’t have to rush back into shadow so quickly,” she protests again, but you can tell she’s ready to give in. You know your cousin.

You look at her. After a long pause she starts to buckle you in.

Before the plague came to Prime, you had simply avoided worlds experiencing such crises. But afterwards in your search for a cure you visited many worlds that might be experiencing something similar. You had been alarmed by what you had found. How could the same plague break out in so many of the worlds of the multiverse? Outsiders are appearing out of nowhere in world after world to offer the desperate dying populous a cure. It was beyond suspicious. It almost had to be a bioweapon. It almost had to be a multi-world civilization with their own version of traveling. How can you fight something like that?

The ultimate nightmare is if they can pass physical matter between worlds. The Blacksmith’s merciful favor! Please don’t let it be that. It would be bad enough if they only had something like traveling couches.

You must focus. You must bring back the cure.

There is a hum as the couch powers up. For a few seconds you worry about radiation and the fact you have spent more time in shadow in the last few weeks than in all the rest of your career put together. The scientists insist that it is safe, that the exotic matter particles will stay confined in their quantum wells. You guess you will have to trust them. You might as well trust them, even if the coach is killing you, you still need to do this.

Blanka lowers the headset onto your head. 

The quantum computer engages and your wave form becomes entangled with the wave form of the targeted virtual observer whose shadowy semi-existence defies your poor understanding of the theory behind the coach. Two similar minds are beginning to merge. To similar personalities with very different experiences are combining. You feel foreign emotions. Unfamiliar thoughts and memories flutter across your awareness. The real world shifts and morphs into something that is only a probability, a possibility, a mere shadow of reality. Your cousin’s concerned face shifts, blurs and disappears.
