Chapter 1: Kneading Change.You are kneading bread. Your hands are large and powerful with a tattoo on the back of one of your hands. You must be a man. You run your hand over the stubble on your cheek. Yes, you are a man.The tattoo is of a flower. The design is elaborate. There is something familiar about how the tattooed lines twist and knot in mind defying ways. You scan the room. Gas ovens, large mechanical dough mixers powered by pulleys, cables, cogs and gears. Gas lighting. It’s a bakery. Industrial age.  No sign of electricity or electronics. Those cable and gears are silent and still, the machines must be broken otherwise you wouldn’t be kneading bread by hand.Delicate flour covered hands circle your waist clasping your apron. A soft feminine body presses against your back, warm breathe caresses your back between your shoulder blades.“You don’t have to do this, you know,” she says.Your heart races as you are struck by the similarity to your last conversation with Blanka. But no, she is talking about something totally different.“Fort, I understand how much this bakery means to you. I know it belonged to your father and his father before that,” she continues.Fort, she called you Fort. Nimble calls the both of you the two Forts, Fortitude and Comfort. Thats right, your name is Fortitude Baker and the woman holding you is Comfort Carpenter. Who is Nimble? If you merged more fully with Fortitude’s memories and personality you would have the answer, but you are too afraid of a repeat of what happened in the last shadow world. You can’t risk losing yourself. You must maintain a separation between the two personalities. A image flashes across the gap anyway, and your face feels hot as you remember a small thin woman with tangled straw blond hair sitting naked on your bed smiling at you. Was that Nimble?“Most of our customers are dead. Most of the other businesses in the city are closed,” says Comfort“Half my customers are still alive,” the protest explodes unbidden from deep within you.Comfort snorts, sending a puff of air through the fabric of your shirt.“Okay, made be a third. It doesn’t matter, they depend on me.” You let the Fortitude part of you handle the conversation while the Vlaho part you trembles with excitement thinking about the implications. A lot of people have died lately. Could it be the plague? If so, you’re in the right place this time.“How long is the flour going to stretch? It won’t last forever,” she points out.“We are actually fairly well off. Especially as we’re not using as much as normal.” The words flow out of you without effort. It is like you have had this conversation many times before. You probably have. Images of places you have never been flow through your mind. The cellar were you keep the flour. The mill where you buy it. The miller and his wife, who always invite you to lunch. “In a couple of weeks I will take a trip to my suppliers, some of them must still be alive.”“You will do no such thing. The girls and I will go to the farmlands for food and maybe get some of your precious flour if any of the mills are still working. You will stay here safe and sound. We can’t risk you,” insisted Comfort.There are muffled sounds of an argument coming from the front room. Comfort releases you and you see her for the first time. Her dark hair is bound in a series of braids and her full and generous figure scrambles with surprising speed around the worktable and towards the wall. A memory of Comfort standing naked in a doorway the light shine behind her surfaces in your mind. You are sleeping with both Nimble and Comfort? Do they know about each other? This could be awkward. Bringing yourself back to the here and now you follow her. She is leaning close to the wall. She uncovers a spy hole, and peers through. Noticing another spy hole next to her you couch down to bring your eyes level with it. There sharp pain in your side as you bend. You notice that Comfort’s beauty is marred by smudge of flour on her cheek. You wipe the flour from her face with a cloth from your apron. She turns from the spy hole leans forward and kisses you. “Why do you have to smell so good?” she sighs.“Here is nothing like the smell of baked bread.” you say.She pulls away looking at you with confusion for a minute before turning back to her spy hole. “It’s Granny Seamstress. She’s kicking up her usual fuss. She doesn’t want to barter,” commented Comfort.You look awkwardly through your spy hole. It is not positioned for someone of your height. You can see Nimble Seamstress and Temperance Painter trying deal with the difficult customer. Brief flashes of memory trigger as you see them for the first time. Your remember a much younger Nimble peeking around the parlour door as you sat stiffly on a too small chair listening as Patience Matchmaker talked with Amity and Hush, bargaining with your and Hush’s future, setting the bride price. Hush had looked so much like Nimble does now, however Hush’s face had been full of resentment and fear. You blink alway the unwanted memories and try to focus on what was happening in the front room. The girls were wearing the tunics and leggings that where standard for both sexes in this shadow world. Nimble’s wild blond hair is in a ponytail. The tiny Temperance’s shorter brown hair was stuffed under a cap. The customer, Nimble’s mother, Amity Seamstress was standing ramrod straight trying to maximise her short frame. Like all Seamstress women she is slight, with a thin body and narrow face. Her main disappointment in life was the fact that although the entire street called her Granny, she was not technically a grandmother. This injustice she blamed on the thoughtlessness of her daughters.“These are perfectly good sovereigns,” shouts Granny.“You know we don’t accept coins any more, only barter,” says Nimble, struggling to keep her temper.Granny’s shrieking triggers memories. You remember an endless series of morning teas, were Granny hounded you and your wife Hush, with one and only one question, when was there going to be little Bakers running around the Bakery. Despite the unpleasantness you always encouraged Granny’s visits. You feel a sharp pain in the heart as you think of Hush, and guilt, a lot of guilt.Comfort closes the peephole and sighs. “She does the same thing every single time. She will argue for half an hour, then produce some shrivelled up old vegetables and con poor Nimble into giving her too much bread for them,” she predicted.“Are saying Nimble should be more ruthless with her?” you rebuke her.“Of course not. She’s family,” Comfort concedes. You straighten and stretch your shoulders and neck. The pain in your side eases. You both return to the worktable. Comfort goes back to kneading her portion of the dough, trying to unsuccessful duplicate your practiced ease. You would be done faster without Comfort’s help, however with the reduced demand for bread you can afford the inefficiency. Plus the company is welcome.  “You know, I thought you were crazy when you stopped taking money, but this barter thing has worked out, we’ve scored some prime loot. From those people who are not related to Nimble that is,” Comfort continued.Loot was the right word. There was no shortage of houses whose owners where in no condition to protest burglars. You are absolutely certain that the Surefire crossbow that Strength Potter bartered away for an obscene amount of bread and flour for, was the same one that you had seen gracing the arm of Hawkeye Guard, Strength’s neighbour, back when Hawkeye was alive that is.The timer goes off. You remove baked bread from the smaller oven and let it rest on the bench. You slide in a new tray of raw dough that you had left resting on another worktable into the hot oven. You fill a mug from one of the water pitchers. “The green flask, remember!” admonished Comfort. “I don’t know what is wrong with you this morning.”You glance at the pitcher in your hand. It is blue. Comfort takes your mug, and pours you a new drink from the green pitcher into a fresh cup. She shoves the cup under your nose. You sip the cool water. Bringing your confiscated mug under her nose, Comfort breathes in deeply as if an unearthly fragrance is coming from the orderless water. She swallows a mouthful of the water. “I prefer to get this from the source,” she says. “That was a hint, by the way.” She looks up at you expectantly.Comfort looks at you with impatience. “Oh! for the Makers sake!” she exclaims as she grabs your ear, pulling your head down and kissing you greedily. “There is definitely something wrong with you this morning. Don’t tell me you are feeling under the weather? We need you. You have to take care of yourself.” Comfort stares at your face searching for something. Whatever she is looking for, what she finds in your eyes seem to reassure her.You go back to kneading your portion of the dough. Folding in half, working it until it had a tacky, elastic feel. This is going to be the last batch of bread for the day. You think of the two and a half bins plus three unopened barrels of flour plus the six large sacks in the cellar and do some calculations. You weren’t going to run out for a few weeks however Comfort had a point. Better to make that trip to the farmlands sooner rather than latter. Trouble was the gates to the city were closed by the order of the Duke and even though the Duke did not have enough retainers to man the death carts, he had enough to man the barricades at the gate. Fortunately the practice of levying tariffs on goods entering the city had generated a thriving smuggling industry and since your father taught you that paying more tariffs than necessary was sinful, you knew half the tunnel-masters in the city.The last shipment of flour you were able to get your hands on, had passed under the city walls curtesy of Honesty Porter. Unfortunately Honesty was dead like so many others.You stop. You are starting to become Fortitude, to think like him. You try and separate yourself from your host personality. The reality of the situation makes it difficult to separate your concerns from his. After all, you will not be able to find the cure if your host and his household, dies of starvation. You breathe deeply. You try and find that state you were in before, where you were observing and Fortitude was running his own life, but it was hard. You are no longer sure where Fortitude ends and you begin.“Are you sure that you are okay?” asks Comfort, staring at you intently.“I am fine,” you say.  You divide the dough into balls and shape the ball oblong shapes. You set aside the dough to rise. After a pause you ask “Comfy, Reliance’s friend Light, is she still alive?”“Your sister hates me. I have trouble getting more than a grunt from her, let alone a run down on the health of her friends. Why?” she asks. She is making a mess of the kneading.“Light Porter might know an unofficial way in and out of the city,” you say. It *is* possible, that is if her father included her in his business, and if she is even still alive. Comfort slams down the dough in frustration. “Reliance slipped out this morning to avoid babysitting duties. So you will have to wait for your answer.” she says.You feel a tightness around your throat. A memory of a group of unrepentant young girls standing arms crossed in front of a furious Patience Matchmaker surfaces. It is your sister and her cabal of fellow troublemakers. “At least tell me she took the Smith twins on this little adventure,” you say.“No idea,” she says.Unable to stand it anymore you grab Comfort’s dough, and knead it properly, then divide and shape it. You leave it on the bench to rise and wipe your hands. “Who is looking after the children?” you ask.Comfort stares at you as if you have said something stupid. “Verity, of course,” she answers.You remember an angry solid looking young woman, her black hair bound in braids with green ribbons. The memory makes you uncomfortable. “Is that wise?” the question escapes your lips before you can stop it.“She was my best friend when we were children, she wouldn’t harm…” her voice trailed off as doubt intruded, then she shook it off. “There is no way she would harm Measure or Charity,” she concluded more firmly.You remember that Measure is Comfort’s son and Charity is Verity’s daughter. You glance at the resting dough and frown.“Don’t even think about sneaking out of the city. You are needed here. If we need more supplies the girls and I will handle it,” admonishes Comfort. She stares at you with determination.You look at Comfort trying to figure out a way to ask her questions about things you should already know without making her think you are crazy. “So what should we do now?” she asks with a smile. She steps forward and pulls you down by your to her level and kisses you again. “That smell!” she nuzzles your neck, inhaling deeply.

As you hold her. Random scattered memories surface. Most of these don’t carry enough context for you to make sense of. Comfort as a child, cute and adorable, coming into the bakery on a errand for her parents. Comfort, older, giving you that fake brittle smile that you hate so much. You shouting at her. Something about Hush. There is a different memory of her, where she pinned underneath you, gasping and moaning as you push into her. A painful swelling straining against the ties of your small clothes returns you to the present. You feel very warm. You pull her closer.  Comfort pulls away slightly, trembling with excitement she removes both of your aprons then reaches under tunic and and pulls down your small clothes. Belatedly you realise the leggings you are wearing are not pants. They are more like footless? stockings. This shadow world doesn’t seem to have invented pants. That explains the cold feeling around your thighs.“Sit on the bench,” demands Comfort.“That’s not hygienic,” you object.“Fuck hygiene! Just do it.” she exclaims, her eyes wide.You scoot up on the worktable, triggering another stab of pain from your side. She lifts up your tunic. Cold air chills your exposed groin. She clambers up into your lap, her small frame is like a feather in your arms. Her arms and leg wrap around your waist, she presses her face against your chest as her hips slide forward.There is wetness sliding across your stiffening member. Comfort doesn’t seem to be wearing any small clothes. More memories of you making love to Comfort surface. It seams as if you have been lovers for some time. You pull her tunic up over her head. She has two knife sheaths strapped her forearms and bandage on her left upper arm. The streaths startle you . You have a memory flash.

Comfort is arguing with a man a good larger than her. He grabs her by the throat. He is choking her. You rush forward. There is a flash of sometime bright in her hand then the man is clutching at his throat, red spurting between his fingers. A look of disbelief is on his face.

Your heartbeat thunders in your ears from the surge of adrenaline triggered by the flashback. You breathe in and out to steady yourself. So this is where she got the knife from and this is why she didn’t undressed in front of you. You thought she was shy, but that is ridiculous. Comfort shy?! This actually makes her and Nimble seem less of an odd couple. You can totally see the the silent moody Nimble killing someone. The fussy ‘I don't want to help with the rooftop garden because i will get my tunic soiled’, Comfort, not so much.

The sheaths are specialised custom jobs.

“I know I look good, but if you are going to worship me, then do it with more than your eyes,” suggested Comfort. A sideways flicker of her eyes show that she has noticed you paying to much attention to her knives.

You redirect your attention to the rest of her. She is wearing a black half corset. You push the corset down a little exposing her breasts.

You should introduce bras to this world. And pants. Seriously what is with these stupid legging things. How hard is it to invent pants? But you know is the wrong way to look at things. You have been submerged in too many shadow worlds to entertain the idea that Prime culture, customs and clothing are ’natural’ or in anyway superior. You should concentrate on what you are doing.

Comfort’s breasts look large and generous on her small body, but cupped in your hands they feel small. You lean down and accept her passionate kiss.  You start to remove your tunic but she stops you.

“Best not tempt the fates,” she says rolling the tunic up exposing your hips.
She lifts herself up, her small hand wrapping around your shaft. Something wet rubs against your tip. She presses hard against you. Something gives way. She is tight around your tip. She thrusts her hips up and down to try to work you deeper inside. You look down at the top of her head and the side of her face as she strains against you. She is flushed and panting. A moan escapes her lips. She loosens slightly and a couple more inches slide into her.
Temperance bursts through the door. She is carrying a sword. Her face turns red when she sees what you and Comfort are doing.

A wave of embarrassment washes though you. Not so much because you have been caught in the act, but because you have been caught making love to someone you can barely remember and are not even sure you like.

Why are you together with Comfort? Is it just lust? Your feelings for Comfort are complicated. There *is* lust. She is exciting, wild and passionate. Their is respect. She is strong and decisive. There is anger. She can be manipulative and at times mean and petty. And that is just what you remember. You only remember a tiny faction of Fort’s memories of Comfort and those bits and pieces don’t fit together. It’s as though those memories are about at least four different people. A kind and happy child, a arrogant and aloof carpenter’s wife, a enthusiastic lover, vengeful blood spattered harpy kicking a dying man. She didn’t seem to mind ruining that particular tunic. Then there is the issue of the what is the difference between your hosts relationship with their friends and your relationship with their friends. This is a minefield that you normally avoid by pretending that there is no difference. The pretence almost always becomes reality very quickly.“The Maker’s Tits! Why are you here, Painter?” Comfort shouts. She is unconcerned at her nakedness, even though you are sure this world has a nudity taboo.“Melody Carver wants to barter for this sword. Look it’s a Leafblade, acid etched and light blessed, worth at least a thousand sovereigns. It will cut through leather armour like butter,” says Temperance, turning half away. However her eyes are pulled uncontrollably towards where you and Comfort are joined.
“And you need to show this to me, Why exactly?” growls Comfort, moving her hips again.“Nimble offered her a basket loaves and a third of a sack of flour,” says Temperance biting her lip.“And she accepted that?” you ask. Your lips and throat tighten in an effort to prevent a moan escaping as Comfort’s tight wetness captures more of your shaft as squirming and bouncing Comfort forced you deeper and deeper inside her.“It has the blue lotus crest stamped on it,” she replies trying not to look at you and Comfort but failing.The blue lotus was the heraldic device of Baron East Heaven, whose mansion was a few blocks to the north, half way up Nob Hill. You nod with understanding, anyone would know at a glance that the sword belonged to a East Heaven guard. On the other hand who was left to complain?
“Tell Melody that we will trade a lot more for crossbows and quarrels,” you say. The sword looked a little light for you and you would prefer that the girls stayed out of sword distance from any thugs. 
“You know where the flour is. Fetch it and piss off,” says a breathless and impatient Comfort. It was actually a good sign that Comfort was showing her anger. If Comfort didn’t like Temperance, she would be smiling, and calling her endearing names, and making comments that seemed like praise at first, until you thought about it, and felt the knife go in. She could be vicious and inventive. You had seen it before.
 
“You know Nimble won’t be happy about this,” warned Temperance, no longer even attempting to conceal that she was watching them.Nimble ducks though the door and asks, “What won’t I be happy about?” Nimble had the sharpest ears of anyone you know. It was uncanny.
 You steel yourself. Do Nimble and Comfort know? How do they feel about sharing you? The fragments of memories are coming fast now, but you still feel as though you are trapped in a play where every one knows their lines except you.“The Destroyer’s hairy arse! Is the whole street going to be traipsing through here?” asks Comfort.Nimble’s eyes take in the situation and she frowns. “It’s my turn today. We agreed on the schedule,” she complains to Comfort in her understated way. If you didn’t know her you would think that she wasn’t upset, but the tapping of one of her ever present books against her thigh gave her away. “Darling, don’t be like that. I’ll make it up to you I promise,” says Comfort with soothing sugary conciliation. You hate it when Comfort is fake like this. Nimble always makes excuses for her saying it is just a defence mechanism. A memory of Comfort making fun of Hush’s tunic at a festival surfaces. Comfort’s husband Level was here as well. You try to breathe through the wash of anger and guilt that accompanies the memory, letting go of the tension. Comfort had tried to make amends at the end. It had been too little, too late. Hush was not the type to forgive easily or to forgive at all to be truthful.
You start to go soft again. Comfort wiggles in complaint.“You don’t have to be like that with me. I’m not Level and I’m not your father,” says Nimble. She sees though Comfort as easily as you do.“I’m sorry. The smell was driving me crazy. I *will* make it up to you,” says Comfort.“If he can’t get it up tonight I’ll …” Nimble left the threat unfinished.“I am right here,” you complain.“This has nothing to do with you,” Nimble says.“I beg to differ,” you object.“Don’t go soft on me,” complains Comfort wiggling and thrusting her hips.“When do I get a turn?” asks Temperance quietly as she scoops flour into a small sack. She glances up to see everyone looking at her. She turns an even brighter red. “Just joking,” she says as she hurries back to the front room.“I don’t think she was joking,” says Nimble after the door closes behind Temperance. “You should be happy. Things are happening just as you planned,” says Comfort.“It was more a prediction than a plan. Besides that was before,” Nimble mutters.“Yes, that was before.” Comfort nods in agreement. “Shall we schedule her in?” she asks.“I suppose we have too,” Nimble says sorrowfully.“Perhaps we could double up,” suggests Comfort.“I prefer individual attention, thank you,” retorts Nimble.“Again, I am right here,” you complain.“And I told you this has nothing to do with you,” Nimble says.“What if I don’t feel like it?” you ask. This sounds week even as you hear yourself say it.“Please! I have seen how you look at Temperance. You are not going to turn her down,” says Comfort. “But at the moment you shouldn’t be thinking about Temperance, you should be thinking about me.” You start to stiffen again as she rubs herself against you.“She is so small I will break her,” you protest, but nether woman seems to be listening to you.
“So it decided,” announces Nimble as she moves towards the door to the front room.Brrrrrr! Brrrrrr!Brrrrrr!The timer for the oven is going off. You start to shift off the table.“Don’t. You. Dare. Move,” Comfort warns you.“I’ll get them,” offers Nimble. “But you owe me,” she announces narrowing her eyes and pointing her finger at Comfort.“I’ll make it up to you,” repeated Comfort.“Oh, I know you will,” states Nimble with an edge to her voice. With practiced ease she removed the bread from the oven using the big spatula. Placing the bread to cool on the bench near the previous batch. She loads the next batch of dough in and resets the timer. She places a few of the semi-cool loaves of the last batch in her apron and leaves the room with a final frown at Comfort.“I thought they would never go,” grunts Comfort. “Could you hold my bottom the way you usually do?”You cradle her butt with your hands, lifting her up and then pushing her down as you thrust up. Your foreskin is pushed back as bury yourself deep inside her and you moan as her tight slippery tunnel rubs against your sensitive glans directly.  She shudders and starts wailing, bouncing in time with the motions of your hands. Finally she opens up further and accommodates your entire length. Her wet lips slap against the base of your member. The world seems to fade as the sensations peak. You empty yourself into her, empty yourself again until you have nothing left to give. Memories of similar moments flood your consciousness. Hush enduring silently waiting for it to be over, Nimble crying out in passion, Comfort telling you that she loved you, an ethereal white beauty holding you tight. Oh, no! Please, No. How could Fortitude be so stupid? You examine the newly surfaced memory. There is no mistake, the girl you are remembering is an elf, one of the most capricious, dangerous, cruel, vicious, sadistic and powerful of the Outsider species. It was safer to stick your dick in a meat grinder than to stick it in an elf. Of course, the only thing more dangerous than getting involved with an elf was to reject one. Once you caught an elf’s attention you were doomed whatever you did. But how did your host meet an elf, and was the elf still around. Elves hated cities. They preferred green pastoral environment. But where was there anything close to an environment that elves would find acceptable. Of course! the rooftop gardens. That was where you met the elf maiden and that was where she had given you the flower tattoo. It was also where you had buried Hush. Illegal as violet smoke, but you couldn’t bear to give her body to the plague death carts.
“Comfort loves you so much,” she says lazily basking in the afterglow. She trembles with a look of bliss on her face. Comfort is quite oblivious to the fact that memories of the elf girl and memories of Hush are completely ruining your mood. She is also oblivious to the fact that referring to herself in the third is incredibly creepy. She always does this at this stage of the proceedings. You wonder if she told Level that she loved him. You are being unfair to Comfort. You feel guilty about being alive while Hush is dead and for getting on far better with Nimble and Comfort than you ever did with your wife. It wasn’t Hush’s fault, she tried so hard to be a good wife. Old Patience was fond of telling anyone who would listen that love and marriage wasn’t like the bard’s songs and that it required hard work. But perhaps it was just marriages arranged by Patience that are hard work.You are being unfair to Patience. Or maybe not. You feel a sudden flare of anger.“Comfort is going to be sooo sore,” she says. “But it is a good sore. If you wear out Nimble no matter how sore she is, Comfort will take care of you.”You grit your teeth. You breathe slowly out in order to release the tension in your body. You should be chilling out in a post-coital fog. Instead every little thing is getting under your skin.Your hand is cradling Comforts head. You can see the flower tattoo on the back of your hand. You can’t believe you didn’t immediately recognise the tattoo as elven. The way following the tattooed lines with your eyes triggered nausea was a dead giveaway all by itself. Not to mention the aesthetics.The tattoo was a gift from an Outsider. The cure was always a gift from an Outsider.Could the tattoo be the cure? How would that even work? The cure could be anything, a crystal, a leaf, horn, a stone. But a tattoo was weird even for the cure.There was a click as the back door opened “Ew! Maker’s Mercy.” exclaimed Reliance. “Would you take it upstairs.” 